chore: add instructions for updating plugins (#5338)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/engineering/support-hero.md

5. Tell the marketing team about this new integration
6. Install it on Cloud, and make it global

#### Updating existing apps

1. Open a PR against our forked version of the plugin with the new changes (syncing from the main repo).

> 2. Verify the code changes are sane and merge the PR.

Reviewer: Partial list of things to look out for. I think it would be better to put it as the new `1.` in the `Reviewing new apps` sections above and refer to it, but I cannot comment on unchanged lines :(

```suggestion
2. Review the code changes and merge the PR. Look out for:
  - Proper error handling (plugin emits [RetryError](https://posthog.com/docs/apps/build/reference#maximizing-reliability-with-retryerror) when relevant, instead of throwing unhandled exceptions)
  - Proper use of resources (bounded memory and CPU usage, external requests kept to a minimum)
  - Good security practices (the plugin cannot be used to DDoS some server) 
  - Unit testing coverage when possible
```

> 3. Update the app in our internal Cloud instance on the [Apps page](https://app.posthog.com/project/apps?tab=installed). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update the app in our Cloud instances via the `Browse Apps` page, both on [prod-eu](https://eu.posthog.com/project/apps?tab=installed) and [prod-us](https://app.posthog.com/project/apps?tab=installed). You need instance staff permissions to do this.
```
